DOCS-1984: Add agent fragment non-support notices (#2668)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/build/provision/_index.md

This file configures some basic metadata, specifies a [fragment](/fleet/configure-a-fleet/) to use to configure the machine, and provides the WiFi network name and password to allow your machine to connect automatically on startup.

{{% alert title="Support Notice" color="note" %}}

> You can add a fragment to your machine using Viam Agent.
> However, you cannot configure the agent itself inside of a fragment.

Reviewer: Mostly good! But I think we just talked about adding a fragment to your machine via agent in the immediately preceeding example, so no need to call it out again, imo. Possibly just:

```suggestion
You cannot configure the Viam Agent itself using fragments.
```

Author: Okay I originally had the same thought so if you agree hopefully this is enough!
